Good morning, family. I'm excited to be
with you all today. I have a special
guest, Pastor Steve
Cioccolanti
from Discover Church, and we're excited.
We're going to interview him about some
of the things that are happening in
the
tribulation and
in the world right now with
the Israeli war. We're going to
ask him some questions, the hard
stuff. He has a lot of wisdom
on Bible prophecy and end-time events,
so we're going to
pick his brain on where we are in the
end times. I'm excited to have
him as a special guest on our channel
today. Hey, Pastor
Steve. So good to be with you, Brandon.
This morning the Lord said to
me, 'My servant Brandon is waiting
for you.'He called you 'my
servant,'just
like he called John the
Revelator 'my
servant.'That's
beautiful; we talked about that last
time. A lot of technical
difficulties and issues tried to keep us
apart, but we are together now. Praise
the Lord, I'm excited. Praise God.
We have some questions for you, and
I'm going to start off with this:
how long is this war
going to last? That's what people
want
to know. Is this going to be a
short event that's going to
last for a couple of months, or do you
see this going on
as
a major event that would take
years, similar to the Gulf War?
Because we're still kind of
in Iraq. What do you think
about that in Daniel chapter
9?
Talking about the ministry of the
prophet, how does a prophet operate?
People think it's
airy-fairy,
like we're praying and
then suddenly we're going to be dropped
a date or a timeline.
Sometimes you get that, but it's
very rare. Daniel chapter 9 is actually
one of those rare moments where you
get the timeline calculated to the exact
day of Jesus's first coming. My question
is, how did it start? It
actually started with Daniel
studying the word of God, and he says
so. It's important that all prophets
speaking correctly for the Lord
need
to go back to the Bible. It says here
in Daniel 9:1, 'In the first year of
Darius the son of Ahasuerus of the seed
of the Medes, which was made king over
the realm of the Chaldeans, in the first
year of his reign, I Daniel
understood by books
the number of the years whereof the word
of the Lord came to Jeremiah the prophet
that he would accomplish 70 years in the
desolations of Jerusalem.'This whole
big revelation that he's about to get
starts off with him studying books,
specifically
Bible books. He
doesn't explain all the books because he
said plural, but he says specifically
Jeremiah said we're going to be held
captive, deported, and then held
in Babylon for 70 years. I got that
now, and I'm going to act on that by
going to pray. So, a prophet is first a
student of the word and a teacher of the
word, and then secondly,
a prayer
warrior. That's what people
need to understand when they're asking
about
the timeline. We don't just
go and make up a timeline; we have
to go and study the books, the biblical
books. What my studies have shown is
that we are in pre-tribulation
and that some people need to correct
their assumptions and theology that
they've heard that's 30, 40, or 50 years
old, but now we have more light.
Revelation 6, representing the seals, are
not tribulation seals. That doesn't mean
the tribulation has started or
that
we missed the rapture; it means
they're pre-tribulation. God
emphasized this so much. The
first horse is the white horse. Its
gallop
we can now pinpoint
exactly from January 2000 to June 2023
when basically most of the
world has
opened up. Nobody's got a health
emergency; if they do, it's a bit
scoffed at.
Airplanes and
airlines are not testing you for COVID
before you get on the flights, and
that's very exact: three and a half
years. So, we're going to ask the
question: how long do we have in this
next war? I would say whether it's this
war, an escalation of this war,
a spreading of the war, or some
kind of war, it's going to last three
and a half years.
Three and a half years from June 2023,
at which point we had the French
riots, and again it was sparked by Muslims.
It was the killing at a traffic
stop of a guy that was a known
criminal with a rap sheet and
was
underage. He shouldn't have been
driving, but they turned it into a
religious war where they said,
'White French police killed
a Muslim truck
driver.'They
didn't say anything about his history;
he's a criminal basically, but
then they used that to instigate
continental-wide
riots. It's a sign that the
Red Horse has something to do with
Islam. But then it spread to the fires
of Maui—something very strange because
a 'great sword'is mentioned in the Red
Horse. Back then
they didn't have directed energy
weapons or things
like EMPs, electromagnetic pulse
bombs.
So all John could say was there
was a great sword. We are exactly
in the timeline and then we come to
October 7th and we have this thing that
took all of us by surprise, but we know
we're in the zone of the Red Horse.
So far the theory pans out. Now, the
theory can be falsified: if we have just perfect peace in
the next two and a half years,
then we're done. We're going
to
say we're not in the
pre-tribulation signs and the horse is not
galloping, but so far everything is
working. I would remind you of your
own revelation from God that lines up
with Revelation 6
about Saudi Arabia and
the price of oil.
When the Lord told me, he said,
'When this happens, oil will
go over $200 a barrel and it will
be a major event all around
the world.'He told me
people are going to become angry
at Israel because of what's about
to happen. It would be like
anti-Semitism,
where
they
were blaming them because of what
happens. I guess it's a
retaliation from Israel doing something
to another country in the Middle
East, and I believe it to be Iran and
Saudi Arabia.
The Lord
showed me that the prince of
Saudi Arabia was going to join forces
with China and Russia and make secret
deals. I believe all
this is just going to keep escalating.
Well, there's news
coming out right now
that
their plan basically is to
create the BRICS system to replace the
US petrodollar, and Saudi Arabia is the
linchpin
of the US petrodollar system.
The reason that America can be,
if I may say, not so productive in
manufacturing and not really
an economic powerhouse is because we're just a
bunch of spenders and consumers. How is
that possible? Because it's the one
currency in the world that everybody has
to use to buy petrol and other
commodities. Usually other commodities
like gold are denominated in US
dollars.
So the US dollar has this unnatural
privileged position that Saudi Arabia and
Brazil—which
has now turned very
radically left—have challenged. It went from
conservative under Bolsonaro to now Lula,
who's a Marxist. The news today that
I was reading in the morning was that
Argentina looks like it's going to flip
to the conservative side and the
Marxists are freaking out because they
want more nations to come into their
oligarchy, their system. You
have to pick your bad guy. It's
not that American domination has
produced world peace, but
American being the superpower is probably better
than
China, communist
Brazil, and whoever else is going to join
this BRICS system. They're
losing their grip on Argentina if the
election goes through the way
the people want to vote. They want
a populist man who's an economist and very
well-read.
He totally dislikes
communism and says he won't even trade
with China and Brazil because they're
communist. We're
winning on many fronts. We
Christians are praying the right
prayer. We're not just saying, 'Slap us
one way, kill our baby, kill another
baby.'We're
saying enough is enough.
We have authority on the earth to exert
Jesus's standards and his righteousness
without becoming pharisaical and
legalistic. We've
corrected that part, but now we've swung so far to the
grace part that we've lost touch with any
sense of morality and justice.
Making peace with
the devil is what the body of Christ is
doing. We're coming to a balance
where we have to learn biblical justice.
That's really the main thing.
That's
the main thing I keep drumming to
every church member: get a hold of
biblical justice and understand what it's
about. Back to Saudi Arabia.
Saudi Arabia obviously wants to change
the system. They're not going to have oil
forever. They want to make profitable
alliances with China. They're only
thinking about money, not
morality and
prophecy. But all of it is going to end
up fulfilling prophecy according to my
interpretation of Revelation 6. You've
got another three years of the red
horse. Then, exactly when that ends, we
should see the black horse. What color
is black that the whole world has to
consume? It's petrol. The black horse
is indicating that something's going to
happen to oil, and it lines up with what
God has shown you, Brandon.
Saudi Arabia is trying to disrupt or
threaten America when it's weak. I
think it can do it when Biden is in, but I
don't think it can do it when Trump
is in.
The process may start, but
if you're trading,
don't ever make
financial decisions based on words of
prophecy because God does not give us
the exact timeline unless it's a Daniel
9 moment. Revelation 6
is very close to a Daniel 9 moment.
Money is going to be the last thing
you're thinking about when there's
global famine.
The black horse represents oil; it
doesn't represent global famine. They
tie into each other because
the price of every commodity
is tied to the price of transportation.
If
oil goes up, your food goes up. If
you're a globalist trying to make people
starve, you don't
have to go to every corn,
wheat, or barley farmer. You
can attack a country like Ukraine, which
is a major supplier of food. That's one
way to make the price go up. But if
you
just control the price of
oil, you can raise the
price of everything people depend
on to live. Trump understood that.
He
said, 'I'm not going
to deal with every industry,
but I'm going to deal
with OPEC and Saudi
Arabia. I'm going to make sure they
produce enough oil and we are going to
become energy independent ourselves as
Americans.'Everybody's
standard of living was higher because
the price of everything was lower. He
did that by addressing oil. Biden
is doing the opposite. People
who are supporting Biden just need
to check their bank
accounts
and bills
to
see the inflation is much higher than
they're revealing. The official stats
must not be accurate because
people feel the pain.
They're tied in.
The black horse uses black
as a symbol for you to know
what we are talking about.
Oil is black. It's
the blackest thing anybody
deals
with every day.
It's
tied into the global famine because when
food shortages come, it will be
related to lack of transportation—companies
and
sea
freight shipping
businesses
going out of business or stalling. We
saw a little bit of that
at the beginning of the
coronavirus pandemic.
That wasn't the
fulfillment of the black horse,
just a little
taste—a
foreshadowing. Types
and shadows are going on all the time,
but the fulfillment is clear.
Plagues
and
epidemics happen all over the world, but
coronavirus
was the fulfillment of a global
pandemic with a 'corona,'which is the
Latin word for 'crown.'The
crown
given to the white horse is
called corona.
It's so precise
and
amazing. So when would the
green horse—the pale horse,
the
chloros horse—appear? People
debate this. They haven't updated their eschatology
in
years and they
want to debate us. You need to
study first before you say it's called
the pale horse in English, but in Greek,
it's chloros. Chloros is green.
Words like chlorophyll come from
chloros.
It's a green horse.
I believe it's a
plague that
kills 350 million people.
The black
horse happens first
for
three and a half years, and
then we're going to see another three
and a half years of
a plague. After that takes
place, do you see the rapture of the
church coming soon?
I think the ideal window is the
anniversary of Jesus's resurrection.
He
was
resurrected, and 2,000 years later,
the dead in Christ are
resurrected, and we who
remain get raptured. It would be a
perfect fulfillment. But God
has
his own calendar. We could have
slight miscalculations, but
we're not far off.
We have a good 10 years to get our lives
right, stop sinning,
and
go on missions. Americans are the
most blessed
yet spoiled Christians.
Your standard of living in America
far exceeds most of the world.
As a Christian, we waste so much
money in America building
empty
churches.
If you have
those
resources,
preach the gospel in Thailand or come
with me to Saudi Arabia
in February.
Get out of your comfort zone because you
were blessed to be a blessing.
If you're not a blessing,
the blessing is going to dry up.
And
that's what I fear for America:
we're like spoiled children who have
wasted our inheritance so much that we
didn't get the gospel out to the world
the way we should have. We just spent,
consumed, and lived in luxury, and I
can see why a lot of people say America
could be Babylon, although I don't hold
that view. I think America still has a
great future. You do? Wow. Praise God.
Well, you're looking at a
ten-year window until
2033. Is that the window
you're believing in? Do you think
Hamas will be crushed and just
completely destroyed?
Well, let me get to the Bible
about Hamas, because it's very
interesting. There's a 'law of first
mention'in
the Bible:
when a word appears for the first
time, it has extreme prophetic
significance for that time, but also
prophetically, it's going to keep
playing up—it's going to keep
appearing. Did you know that Hamas
appears in the Book of Genesis? Wow. No,
I did not know that. Yeah. And people
want to play word games and
linguistics with
prophecy teachers and say, 'Oh no,
this word is in the wrong
language.'But
God knows all the
languages, and He knew in Hebrew that
this word would be used in Arabic 2,000
years later. So look at the first
instance of the word Hamas. Okay, here
it is: Genesis 6:1. 'The earth also was
corrupt before God; the earth was filled
with violence.'The word is chamas, and the
word earth is eretz. So it's a play on
words;
it has a double entendre. Earth in
the Bible can mean the globe—the whole
planet—or
it can
also mean the land of Israel. So read
this: 'The eretz was filled with
Hamas.'That's
Genesis 6:1. That's
describing October 7, 2023, and that was
written 4,000 years ago. And the
event was 5,000 years ago, just before
Noah's flood. So what did Jesus say? 'As
it was in the days of Noah.'How was it
in the days of Noah? It was filled with
chamas.
My gosh, that is amazing. It's
all so perfect. I mean, you
can't make this stuff up. It's just
awesome. From Genesis to
Revelation, it's just all... wow. That
is so cool. Where is America at in Bible
prophecy?
Well, America has such a special place,
right? America is a nation that was
founded on religious freedom, and I don't
think God's going to give up on that, and
we must not give up on America. In fact,
I believe that God sends me to
America, and I'm going from
church to church. I've started doing it.
Those of you who are pastors who are
listening to me, I'm not far away. You
can get me to come and speak to your
church. But He told me, God told me, that
I've come to be part of the Third Great
Awakening. So I believe that God doesn't
waste resources and time. I wouldn't be
here coming to the United States just
to tickle some ears. No, there's a
massive movement. I think we are
winning. Just like I said,
Argentina
is turning
conservative. If they don't rig and
steal the election, we're winning
on
that front. Roe v. Wade has been
overturned. We're winning on that front.
The Lemon test—that all laws are to
be secular and pass a secular test in
America—we've
overturned that.
We've won on that front. We're winning
and winning and winning, and we're
winning under Joe Biden. Can you imagine
this? God didn't even need a Republican
to be in office; He can still win. God
is that powerful. He's a mighty, mighty
God. So, we've got to go back to the
roots of America and realize that all
the things that have happened are not
taking God by
surprise. When George
Washington—whom
people misrepresent
because there was a
painting that looks like he's a
Freemason... by the way, that painting is a
recent painting; he's not a Freemason. He
was invited, like any president or any
important person, to go to a
Mason meeting, and he
went sometime, but he said, 'No, I'm not
a Mason.'He believes Jesus; he believes
the Bible. Well, he was given prophecies
about the nation, which is called the
Republic.
He never ever called it a
democracy. They were afraid of the
concept of democracy. They said, 'No,
we're a republic, right? A
constitutional republic that protects
the rights of minorities against the
hordes of the majority and the whims of
the majority.'And he got three visions,
and he was told that America would go
through certain crises. One of them was
obviously the 1865 Civil War.
So he was told this, and I'm going to read
this. This is a
prophecy from President George
Washington about this nation. Americans
need to know about this. It's called the
Third Peril. The scene instantly began
to fade and dissolve.
He wrote this down;
they all took prophecy very
seriously. Can you imagine that? That's
250 years ago. So, is this a vision, do
you think?
This is a vision that George
Washington was given by the Lord, and he
wrote it down. 'I at last saw
nothing but the rising, curling vapor I
at first beheld. This also disappearing,
I found myself once more gazing at the
mysterious visitor who, in the same voice
I had heard before, said, Son of the
Republic.'So
the angel calls him, 'Son of
the Republic.'What you have seen is thus
interpreted:
'Three great perils will come upon the
Republic. The most fearful is the third,
passing which the whole world united
shall not prevail against her.'So the
whole world will hate America and unite
against America but will not prevail
against her. Wow. Let every child of the
Republic
learn to live for his God,
his land, and the Union.
We are to learn to live for God. We
don't naturally know, as born-again
Christians—as
baby Christians going
to church—we
don't know how to live for
God. There is a skill,
there is a training to live for God: to
get up in the morning and not just go
brush your teeth, but fall on your knees
and say, 'Hallelujah. Praise God. Good
morning, Heavenly Father. Good morning,
Holy Spirit. I bless the name of
Jesus.'Yes,
there's a way to live for God,
right? So, learn to live for his God and
his land. A lot of Christians forgot
this. We preserve the land; we're the
salt of the earth. So, for us to say we
have no civic duty, we ignore voting,
or
our vote doesn't count anyway, is
an absolute abdication of our rights,
our
authority, and our civic duties. None of
the founding fathers believed in that.
None of the prophets believed in that.
Some of them served in the highest
political offices of their land. You can
think of Joseph, you can think of Daniel,
and this is our destiny. He said,
'Again, I heard the
mysterious voice saying, Son of the
Republic, look and
learn.'At
this, the dark, shadowy angel placed a
trumpet to his mouth and blew three
distinct blasts. And taking water from
the ocean, he sprinkled it upon Europe,
Asia, and Africa. So there's an
order to how things are going to unfold:
Europe, Asia, and then Africa.
Then my eyes beheld a fearful
scene: from each of these countries
arose thick black clouds that were
joined into one. This is the globalist
trend that we're seeing. It starts
in Europe because the Western
powers—it's
the Western oligarchs, the
same colonizers doing it now with
technology. The same spirit that
went butchering people all over Asia and
Africa; they're now doing it through the
IMF and debts and creating slaves
through financial instruments. It's the
same people. So they said it starts in
Europe. Who's going to grab it next?
Asia will grab it. Asians love anything
European, anything American; they just
go for it. And Africa's last. Africa
will be the last to develop and become bondservants,
again
slaves. They're
going under slavery again to the IMF,
World Bank, American institutions,
and
European institutions.
The Americans and the Europeans
are the ones saying, 'You have
to cut your carbon. You have to not grow
certain foods,'and then they starve these
people to death. They say, 'You have to buy this
fertilizer from us.'They're creating all
these laws. 'This will be illegal,'they
say.
It's the European
powers that are dictating these things.
So he said, 'Watch; the black cloud
arises from Europe first, but it's going
to join into one with these other two
continents.'Back
then, that
was
the whole world because they didn't know
about Australia
or
America. That's the whole world joining.
Then my eyes beheld a fearful scene:
from each of these countries, black
clouds rose and joined into one. And
throughout this mass, there gleamed
a dark red
light—is
that like the red horse?
Wow—by
which I saw hordes of armed men. So this
is Islamic now, isn't it? The hordes of
armed
men moving with the cloud
marched by land and sailed by sea to
America. Wow,
that's the southern border. He saw that
coming by sea, coming by land. Of
course, he doesn't know the airplane;
that is amazing. The whole country was
enveloped in the volume of the cloud.
So, this is the whole illegal
immigration invasion through the Taliban
and Afghanistan. Now, Biden's going to
open the country to one million Hamas
sympathizers,
and I dimly saw these vast armies
devastate the whole country and burn the
villages, towns, and cities that I
beheld were springing up. So that's sad;
it's going to happen. He's saying they
set everything on fire. Well,
we've already been seeing that since
COVID
for
sure—you
know, Black Lives Matter and Antifa. They
were doing that while we were supposed
to be locked down. So that's going to
happen as my ears listen to the
thundering of the cannon, clashing of
the swords, and the shouts and cries of
millions in mortal
combat.
That's why we have the
Second Amendment. That's why I believe
you should buy gold
and
silver, and I think you should buy guns
and ammunition. That was part of
the word that the Lord gave me about the
ammunition recently. He told me
the ammunition was going to
become very hard to get here pretty
soon. So, we want to talk about
that in online church. Inside online
church, we can talk about who is a gun
expert, where to buy ammunition, and things
like that, because they're going to make
it harder and harder. I heard they're
going to put like a 1,000% tax on AR-15s.
Again, I heard the mysterious voice
saying, 'Son of the Republic, look and
learn.'When
the voice had ceased, the
dark shadowy angel placed his trumpet
once more to his mouth and blew a long,
fearful blast. Instantly, a light as of a
thousand suns shone down from above me
and pierced and broke into fragments the
dark cloud which enveloped America. At
the same moment, the angel upon whose
head still shone the word
'Union'and
who bore our national flag in one
hand and a sword in the
other—wow—descended
from the heavens, attended by
legions of white spirits. These
immediately joined the inhabitants of
America who I perceive were
well-nigh
overcome, but who immediately taking
courage again, closed up their broken
ranks and renewed the battle. That's
what we're here for. We're here to renew
the spirit of courage. It's enough of
being
so cowardly that we're not even
willing to stand on what the Bible says
lest
we offend someone, lest we lose
our job. It's time to stop being
cowards. The Bible says cowards are the
first group that goes to hell;
they go to the lake of fire. It's the
sin of not doing something out of fear.
Cowardice is the sin of not doing
something because we're
intimidated. So, God's
called me to come to the United States
to preach in your churches, pastors.
Yes, open it up. Don't be afraid
anymore. We are on the winning side.
Don't worry about your 501(c)(3);
they cannot take that from you because
you speak about morality in government.
That is a biblical subject. You speak
about biblical justice; you're not going
to get in trouble for that. So, we're going
to
get courageous again and bold.
He says again, amid the fearful noise of
the conflict, I heard the mysterious
voice saying, 'Son of the Republic, look
and
learn.'As
the voice ceased, the shadowy angel
for the last time dipped water from the
ocean, sprinkled it upon America, and
instantly the dark cloud rolled back
together with the armies it had brought,
leaving the inhabitants of the land
victorious. Then once more I beheld
the villages, towns, and cities
springing up where I
had seen them before, while the bright
angel planting the azure
standard—the
blue standard he had brought in the
midst of them—cried with a loud voice:
'While the stars remain and the heavens
send down dew upon the earth, so long
shall the Union
stand.'And
taking from his brow the crown on
which was blazoned the word Union, he
placed it upon the standard or the flag
while the people, kneeling down, said,
'Amen.'We
have to learn to kneel before God
every day. Kneel. Teach your children to
bow before Jesus. They're going to teach
us to bow before climate change,
before these false religions,
and perversion.
We learn to
bow as a nation to Jesus. And don't
apologize. We're a Christian nation.
We don't believe in
separation of church and state. What
does that mean? We believe in freedom.
Every nation on earth
bows to a god. You don't apologize. When
you enter into Saudi Arabia, you know
it's a Muslim country. In Ramadan,
they're not going to feed you food;
they're fasting. You go to a Buddhist
nation, you know that it's a Buddhist
nation. They don't say, 'Oh, I
believe in separation of our
government and Buddha.'They say, 'No,
this is a Buddhist festival. Everybody
has a day off.
Everyone's going to go and
offer some
incense.'Americans
are the only nation really on
earth, and I guess the Americas, that
have been so secularized that we believe
in this idea that God can be God in our
personal life, but he's divorced and
irrelevant to the rest of our
lives. No, this is what we get when a
nation decays and corrodes because we
have tried to kick God out. And God
says, 'No, I'm the God. I'm the creator.
This is my land. I gave the land to you
that you might worship me freely because
you were persecuted by the Catholic
Inquisition in Europe.'Then the
Christians fled over to America
escaping
religious persecution. This land was
dedicated to Christ. Praise God.
Yes. It goes back to—I had a
visitation. I was praying one night
for America and I was interceding really,
and I had an open-eyed vision. The
Lord showed me the pilgrims at
Plymouth Rock, and they were
gathered around this massive rock there.
They were taking communion,
calling the nation for the Lord, and
dedicating this land to the
Lord. And the Lord said, 'Those prayers
still echo before my throne.
I still hear them.'And he said,
'I honor the covenant that I made
with those settlers, the people that
came for religious
freedom.'And
he said,
'Brandon, you look at judgment.
Everybody's calling judgment on
America.'He
said, 'No. Correction is
coming, and there's a great wake-up
coming. There's an awakening.'And he
said, 'It's going to be a
shaking.'And
he said, 'But it's not
judgment.'He
said true judgment is whenever you are
separated from me for eternity. He said
when you are in hell for eternity,
that's true judgment. He said if you go
through a little bit of a spanking in
life, it's correction, and it's to lift
you up so you don't go to hell for
eternity. He said, "I made
a covenant with your founding fathers,
and I will honor that.
This land will not become a goat
nation; it will be a sheep
nation."That's
what He warned me about. He
told me all these things that
I see coming, but
it's not the end; it's just to wake
people up. Like Pastor Steve is talking
to you all, the body of Christ is asleep
and we're losing
our freedoms that were given to us:
religious freedom,
the
ability to pray, and seek
His face. If we
don't stand for something, look what's
going on. If the
Buddhists are
doing it in China and the
Muslims are doing it in Saudi Arabia, we
need to stand for what we believe as
Americans. We're a
Christian nation founded on godly
principles, and we have to stand for the
Word, stand for our covenant
rights, and say, "Enough is enough. You're
not taking our rights and privileges
away from us."We will pray in public. We
will pray in our elections, and
we're going to elect a godly person. It
is so important, this election coming in
2024. You don't realize this is a
make-or-break
time. In my heart, we
can go either into more darkness or
we can turn around this ship and
send it back into the light.
We have an opportunity here to
change things. Will you wake up and
start preaching righteousness and
holiness back in the pulpits, teaching
the people to live a godly lifestyle and
live unto the Lord? Fathers,
teach
your children the Word of God in these
last days. Praying with your wife,
praying as a family, anointing your kids
with oil, taking communion, bringing
them to church. Read the Bible.
Wake up and say, "Good
morning,"to
God and acknowledge His greatness.
Teach your children. Be a good example.
None of these things are hard, but it's
almost like we're not hearing it
anymore. They get lazy;
I think they get
spiritually dry. They're not being
taught the Word that you're
teaching at your church to live by
faith. They're getting a lukewarm gospel,
and they're not getting something to
stir them up and get them excited about
the Word every Sunday, to sit
there and go, "Hey, I can go out and
live this,"instead of going, "Well,
if I do, I do; if I don't,
I don't. It really doesn't
matter. I'm just going to go out
and live like the world and
be okay, and I'm going to make it by grace
or whatever."So you're
preaching a compromising gospel. A
lot of pastors are; I've been to them.
You sit there and you go, "What
was this? I wasted my
time."Pastor
Steve, do you have any final words? Do
you have anything you want to say before
you close here?
I want everyone to know that Jesus is
the only way to be saved from your sins.
Be sure that sins will find you out. So,
surrender. Surrender early. Don't
prolong the fight. Don't prolong the
battle. Don't stay in pride
and say, "I'll put it off. I'll do it
another day. I'm going to have some more
fun."I'm
telling you, life can change
so fast. It can flip. It can flip on a
doctor's report. It can flip with Hamas
coming and invading your southern
border, like they did in Israel. So
things change fast. If you're going
through some troubled times, surrender
to Jesus. What did He do for you? He
came as a sinless baby, lived a sinless
life, and died sinless on your behalf to
take away or to pay for your punishment,
your sins. And because He didn't have
any sin, He defeated death, hell, and
the grave and rose again on the third
day. That is the good news.
You need to take part. You need to
decide to receive that. It's a gift that
He's given you. So pray this with me if
you've been listening and you want
Jesus. Just say—you don't need to
understand anything else—just say, "I
want Jesus."Pray this and say, "Dear
Heavenly Father,
I repent of my sins.
I surrender my life to You.
I believe Jesus died on the cross
as
the full payment for all my sins.
And I believe after three days,
He rose again from the dead.
He is the victorious Savior,
and I call You my Lord today.
I'm Yours forever.
Please use my life.
From this day forward,
I am a born-again Christian.
Thank you for writing my name in the
Book of Life.
I am assured.
In Jesus'name I pray.
Amen."I'm
excited that
you just got born
again. If you're part of our family now, just let us know if you
did. I hope this blessed you
today. Thank you for joining me if
you're still watching. Thank you for all
the support, the likes,
and
the kind words in the comment
section. I just want to say, put a
smile on your face and a song in your
heart. Jesus loves you so much and we
love you. We thank you for
joining us today. You all have a blessed
one and we'll see you next time.
Bye-bye.